hey Quinn what's gonna be ready fuck
she got what it takes see my words as
ammunition you'll be shooting up Blake's
bunch of lies fabricating this
value-creating gets us to do a chance to
do in order to make it yeah they gotta
sleep my way to the top but I'm giving
them regardless if you give me my props
we can't use a fan the same ones I love
I see a man I'm a ball CEO of my own
label and I do this on my own they got
an answer today no on the side deals and
Inter Milan Adrian hit him with the Flex
now we're done with the tech like an
autopsy mess around and open up your
fingers to the circuit degeneration
nothing a lot of cooler II can't believe
I'm doing this a problem because foolish
they like a respected music step in a
place with the gun on my wigs nobody see
me this I state does a cute face
revolution clown rappers who I'm
shooting take it now fake gang members
and brothers
home of the streets in the hood took
over Hollywood nobody thought because we
go walking Malcolm X Pete bucks to pop
Ice Cube wrapped up in a big bag
paschall-brown bet you turn to a
believer I run the field quarterback not
receiver they said city so I got the
dumb bastards I'll leave lanes trying to
desert like a champion punch look people
stop hating real meaning homework over
oppress the nation no more wait kick
your doors I'm a patient spitting out
more flames they do saving princesses
you know the name get familiar respected
by the church goers in the drug dealers
got future shot callers in my corner
that's why I do what I wanted from mom
so easy